going over Nike and how they have been
conducting their releases recently as
far as the the kobe 7 the invisibility
cloak be released those rereleased i
think last week or two weeks ago nike
confirmed to people that it was
releasing only via the twitter link
which as I've said before is not true
but this time they've been caught by
multiple people lying I've seen the
little twitter twitter twitter
screenshot of nike confirming that the
only way to get is to wait until eight
o'clock or five o'clock if you're in
california via the twitter link to get
the shoes of course that's not the case
as i showed in one of my nike store
release methods if you searched the shoe
either by the name or by the style code
it actually comes up before nike tweets
it out but actually know of about 15
people that got the kobes by searching
at 757 758 so three minutes before nike
tweets the link they're already gone
so when you wait until the link if you
do it like the the fairway or how nikes
has to do it and you wait for them to
tweet the link it comes out it's going
to show all sizes are in car so it's
basically sold out before you even have
a chance i'm not sure if nike is trying
to fix this method or it only works with
some shoe releases but it's obviously
not for every shoe release since some of
them you actually can't search it up
until a few minutes after the twitter
link and some of them you can get before
the twitter leak comes out so i want to
know if you guys have tried using the
method where you search the shoe before
nike tweets out to Lincoln its work for
you because obviously nike is lying
about some shoe releases and they don't
want to admit it because when people
tell them they got it before they
tweeted the link out they do not respond
to you on twitter so i want to hear your
guys have thoughts on that and it's
really discouraging here because now
we're not going to be sure how to get
the door back or nines they're going to
come out and i'm sure those are going to
sell out in two seconds so i really want
to know what nike is going to do or
which method how they're going to
release the shoe when it comes so let me
hear you guys as thoughts leave it in
the comments and they look forward to
hearing from you thanks